Honey Garlic Chicken with Rosemary
Ingredients:
3 tbs. butter
1 1/2 tbs. garlic powder
2 tsp. rosemary
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup honey
6 skinless chicken thighs
Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 375 F.
2.Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic powder, rosemary, salt, and pepper; simmer until flavors combine, about 1 min. Stir in honey; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low. Dip chicken into sauce, 1 piece at a time, until coated. Place chicken on a 9x13 inch baking pan; pour remaining sauce over chicken.
3.Bake chicken in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 F. Remove from oven; immediately turn over the chicken with tongs to coat the top with sauce.
Servings: 6

Orange Honey Garlic Chicken
Ingredients:
1 Whole chicken, cut into pieces
3 tbs. soy sauce
2 tbs. honey
1/4 cup orange juice
2 cloves garlic crushed
1/2 tsp. dried oregano
1/4 tsp. ground black pepper
1/2 tsp. paprika
Directions:
1.To make marinade: Combine the soy sauce, honey, orange juice, garlic, oregano, pepper, and paprika. Mix all together and pour over chicken pieces. Refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours.
2.Preheat oven to 350 F.
3.Remove chicken from the refrigerator. Place chicken and marinade in a 9x13 inch baking dish and bake, uncovered, in preheated oven for 1 1/2 hours. Baste once.
Servings: 5

Sour Cream Rhubarb Coffee Cake
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baling soda
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 cup sour cream
1 egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 cups chopped rhubarb
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
2.Whisk flour, baking soda, and baking powder in a bowl. Beat butter and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a separate large bowl until smooth, and stir in sour cream, egg, and vanilla extract, mixing well. Stir flour mixture into sour cream mixture just until incorporated; pour batter into prepared baking dish. Spread rhubarb over batter. Mix white sugar with cinnamon in a small bowl and sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the rhubarb.
3.Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes.
Servings: 12

Bacon and Asparagus Dutch Baby
Ingredients:
3 large eggs
2/3 cup milk
1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup packed all purpose flour
1 tsp. lemon zest
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
Pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 tbs. olive oil
6 strips bacon, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1 cup trimmed fresh asparagus, cut into 1/4 inch pieces
Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.
2.Place eggs in mixing bowl. Add milk, grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, flour, lemon zest, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Whisk together until completely combined.
3.Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add bacon and cook until fat is rendered out and bacon begins to crisp up. Add asparagus and raise heat to high. Cook and stir about 1 minute.
4.Pour batter into pan in a circular motion.
5.Bake in preheated oven until browned and puffed, 12 to 13 minutes.
Servings: 4

Lentil Salad
Ingredients:
4 cups water
salt
1 1/4 cups dry lentils
2 large cloves garlic, minced
2 large roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped
1/2 cup chopped red onion
1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 small green chile pepper, seeded and chopped
1 lemon, juiced
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1 small carrot, shredded
1/2 cup oil-cured black olives
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 hard-cooked eggs, cut in half lengthwise
Directions:
1.Bring the water and salt to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Pour the lentils into the water while stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the lentils are tender but still hold their shape, about 30 minutes. Drain well.
2.Transfer the lentils to a mixing bowl and stir in the garlic, seeded tomatoes, red onion, green bell pepper, and chile pepper. Add the juice of 1 lemon plus 1 teaspoon of the zest. Mix in the shredded carrot, olives, and cilantro.
3.Season with salt and black pepper, and drizzle with olive oil; mix well. Refrigerate for at least an hour to allow the flavors to blend.
4.Before serving, mix the salad again and add more lemon juice or olive oil if needed. Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with sliced eggs.
Servings: 4

Tomato Bacon Grilled Cheese
Ingredients:
8 slices bacon
1/4 cup butter, softened
8 slices white bread
8 slices tomato
Directions:
1.Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, and set aside.
2.Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Spread butter onto one side of each slice of bread. Lay 4 slices of bread, butter side down, in the skillet. Top with a slice of cheese, 2 slices tomato, bacon, and another slice of cheese. Cover with a slice of bread, butter side out. Fry sandwiches until golden on both sides.
Servings: 4
